Previously on will Trent…
- I love you.
- I love you too.
You know there's only
one way this ends. faith.
With him in prison.
And where does that leave me?
And if we could go back. I
would introduce myself as faith.
But we'd still end up right here.
Because you Rob banks.
And I arrest people who Rob banks.
I looked into the worms.
Fascinating thing is they can grow
up to 30 feet inside human intestines.
They have six rows of teeth.
Th-they can live inside you
for years without any symptoms.
I don't think we've met.
- Will.
- You're will.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi.
This is your family. I'm your family.
- It's not just you heading into danger.
- You trust me to take care of her?
That's what this stage of love is. I guess.
I'm stupid.
No. you're drunk.
Step. Again.
- Do you think he'll text?
- Nope.
I thought he was the one.
After three drinks
and 15 seconds of otp?
Girl. I told you…
Hello?
I think I'm gonna puke.
Not in my dress. It's vintage.
Here. don't fall in.
So. all babies are cute.
right? Just not this one.
No. they are not all cute. but
ours will be because she's ours.
She's gonna be cute.
Cpr week is gonna be so
easy for a cop and a doctor.
- I hope so.
Last week's swaddling
was harder than med school.
We got this.
Does your baby's safety amuse you?
- No. we were just...
- hey. y'all.
I'm Ingrid. I'll be teacher this week.
In 2023. 6.4% of
newborns died in accidents.
Let's keep your baby alive. shall we?
- …8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14…
- …9. 10. 11. 12. 13… yep.
- So. your baby can breathe.
- Yay!
- But what about the fire?
- What fire?
A fire has started!
Where is the closest extinguisher?
Is there one in every room?
What is your evacuation plan?
Too late. baby's dead.
Try again?
- You guys big readers?
- Yeah.
Are your bookshelves secure?
Crushed! Baby's dead.
Again.
- Blinds on your windows?
- Yeah.
Don't want that sun to wake the baby.
Strangled!
- Baby's dead. We got it.
- Baby's dead.
Did you know the victim. Paxton Cole?
Yes. very well.
Paxton Cole was a leader on campus.
Honor roll. president of his fraternity.
What fraternity is that?
Delta chi kappa.
He was a boy with a very bright future.
Chancellor b. the boozy booster
brunch is starting in ten minutes.
Sheila. I'm very aware
of the time. thank you.
I'm sorry. am I keeping you
from your boozy booster brunch?
My apologies.
There's a lot going on.
It's homecoming week.
Alumni are already arriving.
Such a terrible time
for something like this.
Yeah. you know. such an
inconvenience. but this young man is dead.
I sound callous. forgive me.
It's just that this is the university's
biggest fundraising period.
I'm sure you understand.
Where'd you go to school. special agent?
I earned my degree online.
Well. that's the great
thing about america. isn't it?
Education for all. no matter how humble.
How was Paxton as a student?
Did he ever get into trouble.
any conflicts with classmates?
You can't think Paxton
was targeted deliberately.
That courtyard where he
was found. that's city property.
He was either mugged or
he interrupted a drug deal.
This is about Atlanta.
Paxton Cole was
stripped to his underwear
and left in front of the
university like a dead rat.
duct tape over his mouth
with words written across it.
Whoever killed him
is making a statement.
This isn't about stealing a wallet.
Sir. the wine and winners dinner
party sent back your rough draft.
They made a lot of changes.
Thank you. Sheila.
Special agent Trent.
this situation is tragic.
I'd like to see the matter
wrapped up as quickly as possible.
Do you need any help?
Any other resources?
I'll do my humble best.
See. that's the problem with
generation z. They're lazy.
Always talking about. "protect my
peace." Can't even pedal a bicycle.
- You know. back in my day...
- you sound like you are 10.000 years old.
If you don't let these kids live…
Delta chi kappa is just right up here.
Wait up. assholes. I'm pregnant.
- Hey.
- How'd you find us?
I used find my friend to track faith.
- Hi. friend.
- Hi.
- Wait. you guys track each other?
- Yeah.
I'm your partner. You should track me.
How was the parenting class?
Terrible. I killed my baby in more ways
than I thought was possible.
This place is so fancy. 80k a year?
Yeah. a total rip-off.
I never even finished
college. I'm doing great.
Yeah. you're 38 with a roommate.
- Hey.
- Okay. careful.
Apd. We need to talk to you
about your frat brother. Paxton Cole.
I did say that out loud. right?
- You did.
- Okay.
- That's sketch.
- Yep.
Apd. we asked you a question.
Paxton's not here right now.
Hey! Pledges don't speak.
Clean out your mouth now.
Hey. hey. hey! We was talking to him.
The rest of you. think about it.
Listen. I'll haul all of you into the
station if somebody doesn't answer.
Your frat brother Paxton Cole is dead.
So I need everyone to speak.
or I'll arrest you for hazing.
which is illegal in the state of Georgia.
Wait. the body they
found. that was Paxton?
- You. what's your name?
- Sean. but the guys call me legacy.
It's not my fault.
So. Griffin. your nickname is badger.
That's interesting.
You know. badgers can be
quite aggressive when threatened.
Did you ever feel threatened by Paxton?
I swear I didn't hurt him.
So why were you avoiding
us like an ex you cheated on?
I was afraid my…
Business might be implicated.
What business? Is it illegal?
Well. so. as a business major
with a minor in graphic design.
I'm always looking for
gaps in supply side markets
to use my specific skill set to fulfill
the unique needs of college students.
You make fake ids.
That is a federal crime. badger.
- Please don't tell my parents.
- We'll see.
I want to know about Paxton.
Was he a part of your
little economic venture?
No. ma'am. But last night at the
party. we were running low on beer.
- so he and sharkey said they'd...
- sharkey…
I need real. full names.
Greg sharkens. he's another dk.
They went to pick up some kegs.
Using fake ids.
Yeah. that was the last time I saw them.
Both of them?
- You know where?
- To get beer. I don't know where.
Was there any beef
between the two of them?
I mean. no. not that I know of.
- Can I go?
- No. badger.
Federal crime. remember?
Do you have any idea
where your brother sharkey is?
No. sir. Haven't seen him. sir.
I don't know where they went for beer.
We can't always go to the
same liquor store because…
Fake ids. We know.
Sharkey?
Nah. I haven't seen him.
Not for a bit.
You ever see Paxton and sharkey argue?
Fight over a girl?
Those two. they were
day ones. Besties. sir.
Sharkey?
No. he'd never hurt doorbell.
Doorbell? You mean Paxton?
- That's what everyone called him.
- Why?
Get outta here.
Go. Get out.
No one has heard from sharkey today.
Everyone says they
were tight. no bad blood.
The victim went by
"doorbell." That's all we've got.
That's the yield of
three trained detectives.
Maybe we get them off their
home turf. make 'em squirm?
I got something better.
The belly.
The lasso of truth.
Go ahead. mama.
My god. Wait.
Ma'am. hold on. Are you…
should I call somebody?
No.
I still got a ways to go. I just…
Sometimes I gotta stretch. you know.
Her head is up against my
lungs. It makes it hard to breathe.
Well. do you need a chair?
That would be great. actually. Sean.
Thank you.
Is this your first?
- Yeah. Yeah. it is.
- Wow.
Well. you must have chill parents.
My dad wants me engaged
before I graduate. married next year.
with a kid on the way the year after that.
- That's a lot of pressure.
- Yeah.
I guess that's why they
call you legacy. though.
Fifth generation.
Wow.
You're missing last year.
Yeah. a pledge broke it.
What was the punishment for that?
Put tape over their mouth?
What? No.
What you saw out there. it's not punitive.
It's a show of commitment.
Well. shows of commitment
can get pretty cruel.
Was Paxton involved in stuff like that?
I'm just thinking maybe a
pledge wanted to pay him back.
No. You don't get it.
Pain shared is pain halved. but
loyalty earned is loyalty for life.
That's what makes us brothers.
Wait. all right.
Help me out with this. though.
According to all of you.
he was king of the campus.
Mr. Gau. but in my
experience. people at the top.
they have enemies.
Is there not one person who
had a problem with Paxton?
Sean.
I'm trying to get justice for your brother.
There is one person who hated Paxton.
Yeah?
Paxton shared a private
video into a group chat.
It got leaked. and the
entire campus saw it.
Sex tape?
You have to tell me who was in it.
Sean. who was it?
We're the girls of b-i-t.
yellow and blue. that's synergy!
Beta iota. bold and true.
sunshine gold and ocean blue!
We shine bright. we always
glow. beta pride. now let it show!
We run the house. we slay the day!
Beta iota theta. say it loud!
Sisters together. strong and proud!
B. hey. I. hey. t-h-e-t-a. hey!
Beta iota theta all the way!
Welcome home. sister!
Not a beta. Apd.
Thank god.
Because that was terrible.
More smiles. more
volume. more bouncing!
Go practice. triple flats.
Now!
Triple flats?
Flat chest. flat ass. flat face.
We've had a rough pledge semester.
I'm looking for the
sorority president. brit?
I'm brit.
Guess you're here about Paxton.
Are you sure there isn't someplace
a little more private we can talk?
This is a sorority. There is no private.
Well. I think you can guess
what I want to talk to you about.
The sex tape.
I understand it got leaked. I'm
sorry you had to go through that.
Do you mind just taking a little
break from what you're doing.
come sit for a minute?
We have an alumni tea next week.
There is a lot to do. We're way behind.
Look. Paxton was a scumbag.
but I didn't want him to die.
Well. you have every right
to be upset with Paxton.
I can't talk about it. okay?
I signed an nda. got paid out.
and bought a Porsche. Life goes on.
Who made you sign an nda?
Brit. if you were being
recorded without your consent.
that is against the law.
No nda can... just forget
about the damn sex tape. okay?
Listen. Paxton almost
ruined college for me.
Do you really think I'd
let him ruin my future too
by getting arrested for killing him?
Don't touch me.
It sucks about doorbell.
but no way is brit a killer.
Do you know why he
was called doorbell?
Because. you know.
when you push a doorbell
and it goes. "ding-dong."
… you know. like ding…
Got it.
All dk boys are… …garbage.
What? No. not all.
Manny is such a sweetie.
Manny gave you an std.
- He also got me a z-pak.
- Manny sounds like a real catch.
- Yeah.
- Man whore.
Not like we can do
anything about it. though.
Dks are untouchable.
- Why is that?
- Because they're so cute.
Because Sean's dad
works for the university.
Chancellor Bixby.
No police reports were found…
Badger's being arraigned for the fake ids.
but his alibi checked out for last night.
He's being released today.
- Well. his arraignment will be a dk first.
- What do you mean?
That fraternity hasn't had a
single complaint filed against it
in over ten years.
Not even a noise complaint?
There are churches with worse records.
Guess who happens to be a member?
Chancellor Bixby.
And guess what else?
Angie says so was his son Sean.
Well. no wonder their
record's so spotless.
Hey. faith. this letter was
delivered to the deputy director.
but is addressed to you.
It's from the fulton county
jail. Should I have it returned?
No. I'll take it. Caroline. Thank you.
Okay.
My goodness.
- You've gotten quite a few already.
- Okay. thank you. Caroline.
Okay.
Those letters from Malcolm?
The victim's financial
records just came in.
The card was last
charged at the beer depot.
You dodged that question.
There's a time and a place. will.
And this is neither.
It's closed.
Why. yes. faith. this is a new suit.
What color. you ask?
Well. it's called "admiral."
So. it's blue.
You're a true innovator.
I've got Paxton's file right here.
Yep. this is his truck.
Well. the killer must have
abducted him from here.
Faith.
Two sets of clothes.
No.
We found sharkey.
Damn.
Second body. Sharkey.
"Fortitude."
Hey. ormey. what was the
word taped on Paxton's mouth?
Loyalty.
Whatever this is really
about. it's not over yet.
Your sister sent stuff for
the baby. and they all have…
…strawberries on them.
I don't know if that's a redhead thing.
We're gonna have to shut that down.
What's up with this?
I made the nursery death-proof.
Look. see those blinds?
No strings.
Fire extinguisher? There.
The bureau? Bolted to the wall.
All the cabinets are locked. See?
Works with a magnet.
Whoa.
Although. if the magnet comes
loose and the baby swallows it.
her intestines will twist
and she'll die in our arms.
- Baby's dead.
- No.
You did amazing. This
whole system. This is great.
No. no. no. it's not great.
I just… I-I need to…
I need to start over.
My gut told me to go with
the spring-loaded latches.
Whoa! Watch out!
Baby's dead.
Baby is not dead. Baby is right here.
I just… I…
Okay.
I think I have something
that'll cheer you up.
- Really?
- Yeah. hold on.
How do you…
- Is it this move you're doing?
- No. shut up.
What is happening?
- No. it's better. I hope.
- 'Cause that's good.
Okay.
Okay. so… when I was
at gau. I saw this flyer.
and the lecture is open to the public.
"Guests of the gut.
Taenia solium and the
history of human parasitism."
This is awesome.
Yeah. For some people.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- I'm going.
- I'm so glad.
Hey. so listen…
You're a brilliant doctor
and an amazing husband.
and I'm a pretty kick-ass cop. right?
So together…
We're gonna crush this baby thing.
Don't say crush.
Yes.
Victim one died from drowning.
Victim two from hypothermia.
That's where the differences end. They
both had alprazolam in their systems.
- That's prescribed for anxiety?
- Correct.
Toxicology screening showed they had
nearly three times the recommended dosage.
along with high blood alcohol levels.
The killer might've spiked their drinks.
Could mean they were at the party.
With a dosing that high. they
were likely extremely compliant.
Yeah. sharkey probably crawled
into that ice chest on his own free will.
passed out. and didn't
even try to escape.
They also had this in their stomachs.
Is that gold?
How the heck did they ingest gold?
- Easy. Goldenkränz.
- Goldenkränz.
Seriously?
It's like a cinnamon liquor
with little gold pieces in it.
Pete. you gotta get out of this
morgue and live a little. man.
I have quite the robust social life.
My calendar is booked out for months.
All right. the methods. the details…
These murders are vengeance for something
specific. We need to find out what.
Will's gonna take another
run at the chancellor.
If he can convince him that his
son's in danger. maybe he'll talk.
I'll talk to a couple of those beta girls.
They seem to have
experience with the dks.
You and me?
You got it.
Touch grass. Pete.
- Okay.
- Brit cannot know we're here.
She would roast us for
missing door chant practice.
My god. I look like a
completely different person.
Like. it's giving superhero
alter ego realness.
Ladies. two students are dead.
We're trying to stop
anyone else from getting hurt.
Can you focus. please?
Okay. We're gonna share
some of the case details.
Some of it may be hard to hear.
You tell us if anything rings a bell.
Yes. ma'am.
Both victims were
staged in a specific way.
They were both found
in just their underwear.
Does that mean anything to you?
No.
I mean. frat boys are like toddlers.
All they wanna do is run around naked.
The victims also had goldenkränz
in their system. Sound familiar?
Gross. No. no one drinks that.
Wait. what about the…
the dk gatsby party?
Right.
Everything was gold-themed.
They were giving out
goldenkränz shots. but…
That was. like. a year ago.
I mean. I only remember because
that kid died around that time.
- Say more.
- What kid?
It was so sad.
He was such a cutie too.
I totally gave him a chance. but
he said he already had someone.
And he was at the gatsby party?
- Yeah. he was a dk pledge.
- Name?
Need a name.
One second.
Of course. Mrs. Guggenheim.
whatever you need.
I'm seated with the gbi right now.
He assures me an arrest is imminent.
Okay.
Call anytime. Goodbye.
A lot of concerned parents out there.
You being one of them.
Your son Sean's a dk. as were you.
It all makes sense.
You tried to protect him.
tried to protect the fraternity.
but all you've really done is
paint targets on their backs.
I have no idea what you're
talking about. detective.
- Are you…
- special agent.
What I'm talking about
is dk's spotless record.
That's you cleaning up their mess.
shielding them from any accountability.
That is a gross misrepresentation.
These are good boys.
School gives them and every student
an environment for
them to learn and grow.
not be scrutinized for
the slightest misstep.
Chancellor. I believe
one of these missteps
is the reason Paxton Cole
and Greg sharkens are dead.
More dks may be in
danger. including your son.
I need to know what
motivated these attacks.
Motivated?
I do not pretend to know
your job. special agent.
But I cannot see how victim
blaming is the best course
for keeping these kids
safe. and that is my priority.
Angie is calling.
Ask the chancellor about Barry evers.
Tell me about Barry evers.
Barry evers. Yes.
Terrible.
Young man was overwhelmed.
Unable to cope with the
rigors of an elite university.
Got intoxicated one frigid
night. got lost in the woods.
and died from the elements.
Tragic accident.
Chancellor says Barry's
death was a tragic accident.
- Agent. who are you speaking with?
- One sec.
- What? No.
- Barry's death was way sus.
No one goes wandering
around the woods late at night
- for no reason.
- Yeah.
There is extremely limited
media coverage of the death
and no mention of
him being a dk pledge.
My sources say Barry's
death was way sus.
"Way sus"?
Where are you getting this information?
You know. he was a dk pledge.
yet somehow the fraternity's
name is out of the press entirely.
Was there an autopsy?
I don't recall.
- Did the family request an inquiry?
- If they had…
Did you talk 'em out of it?
Damn it. your students are dying!
It was a terrible accident!
It has no relevance here!
Bixby says Barry has nothing
to do with these deaths.
What do you think?
I think we need to ask Barry.
- Like a séance?
- Close.
We're gonna exhume his body.
Come in.
Hey. will. Hey...
hey. do me a favor and brace your core.
I see so many herniated discs
from battles lost to Ikea's lagkapten.
- Okay. Hello.
- Yeah.
Angie. I think. is down at apd.
No. I just saw her. We
just had lunch. I actually…
I came up to see you.
Can I give you a hand with that?
You know. if you don't
mind. I lost my cuff link.
- It's gotta be in here somewhere. So…
- sure.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- You just wanna go out?
- Here we go.
- One. two. three. go.
So. you wanted to see me?
Right. yeah. There's this…
There's this guest
lecture coming up at gau.
It's all about human parasites.
I thought you might be interested.
Why. yes. You know. I… I
would find that interesting. …
- I don't see it back there.
- No. not this side either.
Okay. let's go back.
- Yep.
You know. Angie and I
went to this baby class.
I don't know if she told you.
But it kind of freaked me out.
Made me wanna really shore up
the village around this kid. you know?
Sure.
My family. they're all up north.
and Angie's family is. you know. you.
So. I thought it might be good if we…
If we became friends.
Aren't we sort of already friends?
Yeah. I guess in a
non-friends friends kind of way.
Will?
- Hey. Seth.
- Hey.
- What are you guys doing?
- We're looking for will's cuff link.
You finish the exhumation autopsy?
Yeah. I got it ready for you.
Hey. Look at this. I found it.
Did you say exhumation?
Thank you.
You got a few minutes?
Well. it's gooier than I was expecting.
I envisioned the mummy.
- That's a great movie.
- Very underrated.
I think the sequel is superior.
Darkened tissue that persists
after a year of decomposition.
Thoughts. gentlemen?
All right. Pete.
- Frostbite?
- Correct.
Small hemorrhages in the
stomach and pancreatic lining
- known as wischnewski spots.
- Hypothermia. right?
One point to Dr. Seth.
though you had the edge there.
Whoa. are there points?
Not a competition. but it is also a tie.
Moving along. Splinters
found embedded in his feet
from hickory. black
locust. and cedar trees.
Sounds like he was walking barefoot
in the forest. That's another point. right?
Yet the responding officers
noted he was found fully dressed.
Speaking of clothing. Pete.
what was the victim buried in?
Suit's there. I haven't examined it yet.
- Ready for the next finding?
- Yeah. bring it on.
Trace amounts of adhesive
found in the tissue lining
of his inner lips. teeth
and tip of his tongue.
- His mouth was taped shut?
- Yep.
And lastly. gold flakes
found in his stomach.
Goldenkränz.
- Correct.
- Hey.
Hey. Dr. Seth is really
running away with this. will.
I'm sorry.
This young man was murdered.
I'm not engaging in a competition.
Because you're losing.
That's correct.
Well. whatever
happened to this poor kid.
the official story does not
match the evidence on the body.
Because Barry probably
died in his underwear
just like our present-day victims.
Someone later dressed
him. left him to be found.
Whoever killed Paxton and sharkey.
they know the truth about Barry's death.
Maybe even helped cover it up.
This is a note that will
found in Barry's burial suit.
presumably tucked in
by someone at the funeral.
"I will never forget."
And this is a photo that
Angie took of brit's handwriting.
Words on the duct tape were all caps.
so we couldn't match them conclusively.
But these two samples. they match.
I was able to track down
the filing of brit's nda.
and I'm still trying to get
access to specific details.
but it was filed the
day after Barry's death.
So the damn nda was
never about the sex tape.
It was about Barry.
I've been doing this a while.
A million bucks says the
sex tape was a diversion.
Barry dies. they leak the sex tape.
Suddenly. no one's talking about Barry.
What if brit was dating Paxton.
but also had a secret
relationship with Barry?
Paxton found out. led to
Barry's death by hazing.
The guilt got to be too much.
She finally snapped.
Secrets will do that to you.
Now she's exacting revenge.
Anyone involved could be in danger.
If Paxton and sharkey
were there that night.
then so were badger and Sean.
Those four were inseparable.
Go. Get Sean. chancellor
Bixby and this Wolverine.
- Badger.
- Whatever.
Put them in protective custody.
And we'll deal with whatever
they did to Barry once this is done.
And find brit before
she kills somebody else.
- Hey. toothbrush.
- Hey.
Where's Sean and badger?
I haven't seen 'em. but
they're probably at the quad.
There's a memorial
for Paxton and sharkey.
All the houses are going.
Why do you still have the
toothbrush? It's disgusting.
Commitment.
Okay. Let's split up.
I'll go to the quad. you sweep the
house. make sure they're not there.
No. I'll go to the quad. I'm taller.
Hopefully. I can spot these two
in a sea of Zack. Jakes and Joshs.
- All right. sounds good.
- All right.
Hey. Georgia.
Georgia. we're looking
for brit. Have you seen her?
Like an hour ago. She was
headed towards the woods.
The same woods
where Barry was found?
- I think so.
- Hopefully we're not too late.
Apd. Anybody here?
Sean?
Badger?
Clear!
Let's get a light on this tree line!
Brit!
It's gbi special agent Mitchell.
We know you're out here.
Badger!
Baby girl.
Somehow. your momma
is still not used to this belly.
even though it feels like I've
been pregnant with you for a year.
Brit.
Badger.
Brit!
Sean!
Ormewood! Mitchell!
Come over here!
She's alive.
Is that Barry?
Sean.
God. Sean.
This is detective Polaski.
I'm at the delta kappa chi
house on the gau campus.
I need immediate backup.
and alert special agents Mitchell
and Trent that the killer is Sean Bixby.
Sean.
Let's not do this.
You should go.
I'm burning it all down.
Because of Barry.
No. you don't understand.
I know you cared about him.
Cared?
No. I loved him.
Then I couldn't even say his name.
No one would even talk
about what happened.
So let's talk about it.
Tell me what happened the night he died.
I'm listening.
I… I should've stopped him.
It was the night of the gatsby party.
Barry was drunk and
spilled his drink on me.
I was such a bitch.
I told Paxton he needed to pay.
It was just supposed to be a
pledge walk through campus.
But Paxton and sharkey kept piling on.
until Barry was naked.
in the woods. drunk. soaking wet.
saying he was sorry over and over.
And that's when badger…
…taped his mouth shut.
Because pledges don't
speak. Isn't that right. badger?
And we left him there
to find his way back.
I left him there.
He never came home.
So. the next morning.
we all went looking for him.
And he was still in the woods.
and he had covered himself with
leaves and branches to stay warm.
He looked so small and pale.
He was dead.
Why didn't I stop them?
I know you want to stop them
now. but it won't bring him back.
This isn't what Barry would want for you.
Do you know what Barry would want?
To not die alone in the woods.
Sean called his dad.
Chancellor Bixby.
And. he told us to just put
clothes on Barry and leave.
The next day a lawyer
showed up with an nda.
I didn't mean for him to die.
I'm so sorry.
My father said we just have to move on.
Like Barry never existed.
To protect our futures.
He said that was all that mattered.
But Barry mattered.
I know he did.
Stay back.
Please just get out of here.
I'm not going to do that. Sean.
I'm here with you.
We can break the cycle. you and me.
Hey. look at me.
Sean…
Don't do this to us.
Sean Bixby. you're under arrest for the
murders of Paxton Cole and Greg sharkens.
Did you find the killer?
How's my son? Is he safe?
We have the killer in custody.
And my son. can I see him?
As I said.
we have the killer in custody.
No.
No. that's… that's not possible. I
need to speak to Sean. Talk to him.
He has requested that the
two of you don't have contact.
He'll be seeking his own legal counsel.
I suggest you reach out to yours.
Wait. I… what?
You're facing charges of conspiracy.
obstruction. and child endangerment
for orchestrating the
cover-up of Barry evers's death.
But Sean…
Why… why would he?
You did everything to protect
the future you wanted for Sean.
You never stopped to ask if
it was the future he wanted.
Hey. I'm about to call
Barry evers's family.
What's the da got to say?
They're going for
manslaughter for badger.
And the girl?
She's helping out with the
case against the chancellor.
Turns out that he helped cover up
dozens of crimes committed by that frat.
which. by the way. is losing their charter.
And to think a pair of secret
lovers could cause so much tragedy.
You're only as sick as your secrets.
You want to talk about it?
No.
I look at you.
and the career you've
had. and what it's cost.
And. in my head. I know
that what we do. in the end.
it matters.
Now tell me what's in your heart.
I don't know if I can do this job anymore.
For a doctor. you sure squirm a lot.
Hey. I saw you look away
when they were extracting the
parasite from that dude's eye.
- That was disturbing.
- I know.
Hey. guys. What's all this?
Ang. hey. have you ever
heard of feeler gauges?
I have not. but now you have two.
Yeah. not just that. but
I got a set of v-blocks.
I got a dead-blow hammer. Look at that.
And check this out.
Japanese pull saw. Epic.
Wow. I have you to thank for this?
We stopped at the hardware
store after the lecture.
Ang. I've decided I'm going
to make all of the baby's toys.
So I need… I need a table saw.
Whoa. We'll get to table saws.
- Baby steps.
- Wha…
Hey. why don't I order dinner? Thai?
- No pork.
No pork.
- Okay.
- I can't do that.
Even thinking about pork right
now. I'm not sure I'm hungry.
Yeah.
- So. saws.
- Yes. tell me.
- Band saw.
- Yeah.
Miter saw. Band saw's
great for curves and…